Oh
hey everybody it's jason andrew wrobel
from jasonwrobel.com WRO V as in baby
Elcom you're on transformation nation
you want to know what's in the bowl
don't you what I want to tell you what's
in this bowl here
it's a sprouted quinoa but it's no
ordinary sprouted quinoa its ultimate
superfoods a know Joe's new tricolor raw
quinoa
wah-wah-wah-wah
so today we've got our tricolor quinoa
from ojio ultimate superfoods that I've
actually heard about it now you're
asking why do we want to sprout quinoa
can't we just cook it well you could do
it either way truthfully I've sprouted
this in alkaline water 9.5 pH to be
exact for about eight hours regular
water closer to 24 hours total alkaline
water works that much better and you can
see that they have the cheese they have
the cool tint and you sprouts them so
take your handy dandy measuring cup and
take two cups of your sprouted quinoa
and add them to your mixing bowl you're
gonna do 1/2 cup of hemp seeds right in
the bowl with your game on then we're
gonna add 1/2 cup of our unfiltered
organic extra virgin olive oil then
you've gotta so cut your lemon in half
with your
ceramic knife
and now we're ready to add them to our
Bowl so we've got one cup of diced fresh
parsley we're going to add wine ah we
have a half cup of minced red onion for
the tank the Tang is the thing and of
course what would any proper tubulin be
without fresh diced organic cucumber
coming up last in the vegetable lineup
even though it's a fruit but most people
consider it a vegetable is tomat bowl
we're going to add two cups of diced
tomato we're going to add two teaspoons
of sea salt one teaspoon of ground cumin
or cumin depending on who you ask a lot
of people are afraid cayenne pepper not
me I'm not afraid of cayenne so for all
people that are scared of the kind we're
only going to use a quarter of a
teaspoon
now of course the taste test
mmm-hmm and here's the finished product
our raw organic gluten-free vegan
sprouted quinoa tabouli oh wait the
thing I love about this recipe it's
really clean really fresh super high in
protein and amino and goes great as a
side dish or even serving it on crackers
or flax chips so if you dug this recipe
video give me a thumbs up below and
leave me a comment what's your favorite
thing to do with quinoa this is jason
andrew wrobel Jason WRO B is in very
berry Elcom here on transformation
nation thank you so much for joining me
I gotta grab a fork and do the you know
what to you know who